there is a constant currency War taking
place between nations one which never
seems to deescalate central banks buy
and sell the debt of other nations and
use it as a financial weapon to
manipulate the exchange rate on the
foreign exchange markets this
interconnects with commodities and how
they are priced the economies of the
Commodities exporting nations are
largely affected by the current
perceived value of their currency on the
exchanges you came here for the truth
let's talk
today about number one Japan I want to
get into Venezuela I want to get into
gold and China let's begin right away
very quickly right here foreigners
buying and selling Japanese bonds and
stocks and you could see that this is in
fact the second biggest drop in history
so here this one is and that was just
about back in
2016 huge and I am noticing a trend I
mean every month it differs however I am
seeing the trend going downward have no
fear though because as the financial
experts quote unquote experts tell us
the central bank will simply buy up all
the stocks all the bonds and they will
be saved that is in fact a general
consensus among those in the financial
industry just ask if money
printing doesn't work then what about
Japan how are they able to do so well
how are they supposed to be such a
booming economy if money printing isn't
working and this is the exact reason you
know that they cannot be trusted so here
you have a case of the Foreigner selling
off as a result the central banks will
come in and pick up the tab and that's
no different than what will happen with
the Federal Reserve and uh it's just a
matter of
fact Shandong gold says it may have
found China's biggest gold mine we don't
know if this is accurate at this time
however this is the
claim uh this is the number two producer
by output said it discovered deposits in
Eastern China that could be the nation
largest Discovery as it pushes to add
reserves that is uh it's big I mean
we're looking at 382 tons of gold and
that would be um could reach more than
550 tons once exploration is completed
it's a significant Discovery and this
company is going to uh obviously feel
the Boost we'll see what all all happens
of course this is only profitable to
them depending on the costs of mining
you have to remember remember that with
any commodity and this is the reason I
mentioned this with any commodity you
need to be able to pull it out of the
Earth at a price that makes you profit I
mean it's pretty simple however at this
time you know you look at things like
Shale for example as the technology gets
better they're able to get it out of the
ground at a cheaper
price so it all
depends is it valuable at this price or
not so a lot of times these mines they
just stay inactive for a long period of
time there may be gold there but it's
simply not worth pulling out of the
ground at this time so this is what we
have to understand about not just this
article here which I just pulled up as
basically a prop but to tell you
that these Commodities are highly
dependent on the current price on the uh
markets Auto lending standards eased
considerably from 2011 to
2016 just like the housing just like
everything else practically it's a
little difficult to understand the chart
here but let me show you because it's
going upward but on the left hand side
percent of lending lenders tightening
slash easing lending standards and
that's basically the way it is over time
allowing things to become easier and
easier look what do you do if you're a
bank and you're struggling to make
profits well you give people loans you
do everything you can in fact and in
this case here you simply give it to
people who shouldn't have it in the
first
place
Venezuela largely regarded as having if
not the most than one of the most oil
reserves on Earth Venezuela State oil
company was rushing to replenish
gasoline supplies in various
neighborhoods in karacas as drivers
lined up at the filling stations amid a
worsening shortage of fuel they don't
have gasoline yet they have so much
oil compared to other these other
nations what does that tell you about
what's going on there they are suffering
so bad and the government is unable to
support the economy perhaps someone
suggest it's being done
intentionally and you know I don't know
I don't know what's happening all I know
is that people are suffering the real
people in kakas in Venezuela are
suffering and you could see that they're
fleeing they're going uh to Trinidad and
Tobago they're going to Colombia they're
going they're just fleeing doesn't
matter where and
um I don't see it getting any better
unfortunately and that's it's sad I I
have people contacting me all the time
from Venezuela telling me
their their their stories and it's sad
it's sad to see it it's sad to read it
and you know what's being done about it
nothing it just gets worse the inflation
gets worse the food shortages get worse
the gasoline shortage I mean at the very
least things that rely on oil should be
doing well there at the very least but
of course that's not the case partly you
could blame it on socialism partly you
could blame it on Corruption of the
government partly you could blame it on
the external influences that are in
Venezuela I mean there's so many things
wrong right now on there and the reason
I believe this is so important is that
this could happen to any country around
the world nobody is
impervious house approves a bill to
force public release of EPA science wow
a good law can you believe
it House Republicans are taking aim at
the EPA targeting the way officials use
science to develop new regulations so
the way it works
today and this hopefully will change is
that that you want to make genetically
modified let's say genetically modified
watermelons that have legs and can run
around okay so you as the company making
that you have to do your own safety
studies and then you say look the legs
they don't bother anybody they're safe
we fed it to 10 people for 5 days and
they were fine so then you Pro provide
that information to the government and
you say here you go look take a look at
it and the government says okay all good
here's your check mark so now you can
sell those watermelon with legs at a
supermarket but it should be the other
way where the government does their own
study on that particular product and of
course that would be too much because
then you would have to um expand the
government larger and larger and larger
that's why they allowed the own
companies but I believe that there has
to a better way because these companies
like the biotech firms like Monsanto and
all those others are obviously skewing
with the numbers they they screw around
they do 90day tests on things that
should be you know studied for years and
years before they're exposed to the
public and of course that's not the case
anyway a bill approved Wednesday by the
GOP controlled house would require that
data used to support the new regulations
to protect human health and the
environment to be released to the public
wow the public gets to know about the
things that affect them what a novel
idea police have launched into an
investigation of what happens to be
human waste found in the shipments of
drinks at the co- Atrium Factory that's
Coca-Cola so apparently they found human
waste inside of the Coca-Cola and said
don't worry about it we shut down the
factory for a few hours and we cleaned
it up and everything's all good this to
me nothing really about Coca-Cola but I
just can't help but feel that the safety
regulations which are put in place
are really Just an
Illusion we believe that everything's
being done to protect us and there's the
safety and everything should be fine I
mean they're selling it right has to be
safe has to be good well that's just a
fact is that unfortunately it's not the
case this right here I just thought it
would be interesting to check out the
stock so Coca-Cola just had some bad
news human waste inside the Coke I'm
thinking maybe a decline in the stock
price maybe a little bit in fact no it
just Rose and that's just simply the way
it
is when you think it should be one way a
lot of times it's quite the
opposite robots bringing meals to DC yet
again same type of robot I believe
different part of the world a lot of
these corpor ation are going to be using
this as food delivery and uh we'll see
how it goes this is definitely going to
be replacing a lot of these jobs that
are you know perhaps not glamorous but
certainly they're providing somebody
with work and then last but not least
this is totally
opinionated number one why the hell is
it always cold in North Korea every time
I see this guy he's wearing one of these
hats everyone just looks really cold in
North
Korea and and also does anybody believe
what's going on in North Korea is
actually real I've talked to individuals
from South Korea and they've told me
before about the scheduled tours that
you can do of North Korea and you'll go
through and there's people dancing in
the streets and they're having parades
and everything like this a
totally totally
scheduled uh event that that occurs and
of course it's a big lie but it's
supposed to be propaganda essentially so
you as an individual if you're traveling
South Korea you can go into North Korea
and see this whole little sham and play
that they've set up for everybody I
think it's funny actually but regardless
does anybody believe what's going on in
North Korea I honestly don't I think
it's being used as the boogeyman but I
don't have any true evidence to support
that that's just an opinion that I have
I want to know what you think I think
personally the technology is just so far
behind the only only thing that holds
North Korea in its place is China and
that's very important that's why I
always you know I'm hesitant to believe
what I believe so I want to know your
your thoughts if you have any evidence
or anything just just post it I'm
interested in that thanks if you found
the video informative then please give
me a thumbs up last but not least if you
found the video informative I know
you'll find my books the money GPS and
my new book global economic collapse
even more informative so many people
have been asking when's your new book
coming out when's your new book coming
out well it's finally out in paperback
and in Kindle formats so if you want to
check that out it's at Amazon you can
flip through it they have a look inside
feature which will allow you to actually
flip through the pages of the book and
see if you like it take care